### Meteorite Site Generation and Sampling Simulation

# COE 332 Homework 2
# Luke Wilson
# lew2547

# Last Edited: 2/9/2022

The goal of this project is to simulate a rover collecting meteorite samples on mars. The code generates hypothetical meteorite sites then simulates a rover traveling to all the sites. We will keep track of how long it takes the rover to sample every site.

Contents:

generate-sites.py
calculate-trip.py

# generate-sites.py

This file contains the code necessary to generate a list of meteorite sites.
It works by making an empty list and appending dictionaries containing with meteorite site data. The data consists of longitude, latitude and composition. This data is randomly generates. The list is then put into a dictionary with a single key string element pair. The dictionary is exported as a josn file.

# calculate-trip.py

This file contains the code necessary to calculate the time needed for a rover to sample all the meteorite signs in the list generated by generate-sites.py.
It works by first reading in the json file made in generate-sites.py. Given the speed of the rover, we calculate the distance (about the spherical planet) and time needed to go from one site to another. We also consider the time to sample. Each site is recorded by logging time traveled and time sampling. The logs are then outputted to the computer with total time elapsed. 


# HOW TO USE

To run the simulation:
	1. Run generate-sites.py
	2. Run calculate-trip.py
	3. Interprete results in terminal

  
